YATZEE RULES
The objective of YAHTZEE is to get as many points as possible by rolling five 
dice and getting certain combinations of dice.

Object of the Game:
> The object of Yahtzee is to obtain the highest score from throwing 5 dice.
  The game consists of 13 rounds. In each round, you roll the dice and then 
  score the roll in one of 13 categories. You must score once in each category. 
  The score is determined by a different rule for each category.
  The game ends once all 13 categories have been scored.

Game Start:
> To start with, roll all the dice. After rolling you can either score the 
  current roll (see below), or re-roll any or all of the dice.
> You may only roll the dice a total of 3 times. After rolling 3 times you must 
  choose a category to score.
> You may score the dice at any point in the round (it doesn't have to be 
  after the 3rd roll).
> In each turn a player may throw the dice up to three times.

Scoring:
> To score your combination of 5 dice, you choose one of the 13 categories.
> There are two sections to the score table - the Upper Section and the Lower Section.
> Once a category has been scored, it cannot be scored again for the rest of the game 
  (except for the YATZY category).

Upper Section Scoring:
> If you score in the upper section of the table, your score is the total of the 
  specified die face.
> So if you roll: 5 - 2 - 5 - 6 - 5 and score in the Fives category, your total for 
  the category would be 15, because there are three fives, which are added together.
> If the total Upper Score is 63 or more, the 35 point BONUS is added.

Lower Section Scoring:
> In the lower scores, you score either a set amount, or zero if you don't satisfy 
  the category requirements.
> 3 of Kind - 3 of the same die. Total of all dice.
> 4 of Kind - 4 of the same die. Total of all dice.
> Full House - 3 of kind and 2 of a kind. 25 points.
> Small Straight - 4 die in sequential order. 30 points.
> Large Straight - 5 die in sequential order. 40 points.
> YATZY - 5 of a kind. 50 points.
> Chance - optional score category.